Python notes:

Chapter one:
Right click on windows to open terminal

Use cd to change the location of the thingie to look where the directory is

Use dir to display the contents of the directory

Use python to use python files

Variables:
They cannot start with a number

they cannot have spaces
they should be short

Strings:
They can be declared using double or single quotatin marks

we combine strings by making f-strinsg. f means format and it takes the thinsg in the bracketes and puts them together

we print variables using brackets. we don't split up quotatin marks. and we put the f before the quotation marks

you put f when you wanna join variables in an output statement, or in a normal variable. if you don';t put the f in an output statement, it just prints out the variable name in brackets.

\n is new line, and \t is tab in outputting

Removing whitespaces: rstrip() but for the right side of the word. use lstrip() for the left side and strip for both

Numbers:

Integers
+-/* work in python
two ** = exponents

Floats:
Anything with a decimal point
Division of anything will end up in a float
Any function with a float results in a float
You can use underscore to make reading numbers better: 200_00_00

Variables:
You can assign data to variables in one line:
x,y,z = 0,0,0

Constant Variables:
Variables whose values do not change. We write them using capital lettes only

Comments:
You write comments using a hastag

Zen of Python:
import this
and you'll get the basic principles of python

Lists:
Stores sets of items and data together in one place. Like arrays, it can contain anything. 
We create one like:
bycicles = ['trek', 'you', 'me']
and print them like
print(bycicles)

The output is everything in the list with square brackets

The items are sotred in an index starting from 0. To access one we can just say:
print(bycicles[0])
It doesn't output square brackets or apostrophes.
You can use methods like title on these things assuming they are words

To access the last element, and you don;t know what is is, you can say
bycicles[-1]
-2 returns the second last and -3 returns the 3rd last and so on